
Login
Join Extra Crunch
Search

    Startups
    Videos
    Audio
    Newsletters
    Extra Crunch
    Advertise
    Events
    —
    More

Here’s What 10,000 Characters Looks Like
Drew Olanoff@yoda / 11:57 pm IST•January 5, 2016
IMG_7629

So, Recode reported today that Twitter was tinkering around with the idea of expanding its 140 character limit to a number a bit higher….10,000 characters.

But what, you ask (and I’m glad you did), does 10,000 characters look like? Well, hey. Let’s find out.

Soooo, did you see the Warriors game last night? Crazy, right? It was nice to see Harrison Barnes back and the entire crowd cheered when he entered the game. Steph Curry is probably not human, because he shoots the ball from the parking lot and it swishes like butter. How many characters am I up to now? Lemme check, so hold on….

597.

Anyways, then it started raining today and my dogs don’t like rain so it’s really difficult to take them outside to do their business in the morning when they don’t want to deal with the rain. I try to talk them into the fact that they’re actually getting a bath and pooping at the same time, kind of a two birds with one stone thing. They don’t buy it. Speaking of rain, it didn’t rain on my wedding day like the weather people thought it would. How do they keep their jobs when they’re wrong all of the time? It’s almost like they could do my job. Wait, I didn’t mean that how it sounded. Where are we at now?

1194.

OK. So anyways. Here’s a favorite quote of mine from Bill Clinton:

    If you live long enough, you’ll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you’ll be a better person. It’s how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.

I think what he’s saying is that you can make mistakes, but you have to learn from them. I’ve made a bunch of mistakes, how about you? My dogs made a mistake this morning because they didn’t want to go out in the rain. But that’s cool, I don’t get mad. Life’s too short, you know?

Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit. Never quit.

2507.

Did you see the President speak about gun control today? It’s important. Probably the most important problem of our time and we have to solve it. Here’s what he said today:

    THE PRESIDENT: Happy New Year, everybody. Before the New Year, I mentioned that I had given the charge to my Attorney General, FBI Director, Deputy Director at the ATF, and personnel at my White House to work together to see what more we could do to prevent a scourge of gun violence in this country.

    I think everybody here is all too familiar with the statistics. We have tens of thousands of people every single year who are killed by guns. We have suicides that are committed by firearms at a rate that far exceeds other countries. We have a frequency of mass shootings that far exceeds other countries in frequency.

    And although it is my strong belief that for us to get our complete arm around the problem Congress needs to act, what I asked my team to do is to see what more we could do to strengthen our enforcement and prevent guns from falling into the wrong hands to make sure that criminals, people who are mentally unstable, those who could pose a danger to themselves or others are less likely to get them.

    And I’ve just received back a report from Attorney General Lynch, Director Comey, as well as Deputy Director Brandon about some of the ideas and initiatives that they think can make a difference. And the good news is, is that these are not only recommendations that are well within my legal authority and the executive branch, but they’re also ones that the overwhelming majority of the American people, including gun owners, support and believe.

    So over the next several days, we’ll be rolling out these initiatives. We’ll be making sure that people have a very clear understanding of what can make a difference and what we can do. And although we have to be very clear that this is not going to solve every violent crime in this country, it’s not going to prevent every mass shooting, it’s not going to keep every gun out of the hands of a criminal, it will potentially save lives and spare families the pain and the extraordinary loss that they’ve suffered as a consequence of a firearm getting in the hands of the wrong people.

    I’m also confident that the recommendations that are being made by my team here are ones that are entirely consistent with the Second Amendment and people’s lawful right to bear arms. And we’ve been very careful recognizing that, although we have a strong tradition of gun ownership in this country, that even though it’s who possess firearms for hunting, for self-protection, and for other legitimate reasons, I want to make sure that the wrong people don’t have them for the wrong reasons.

    So I want to say how much I appreciate the outstanding work that the team has done. Many of you worked over the holidays to get this set of recommendations to me. And I’m looking forward to speaking to the American people over the next several days in more detail about it.

    Thank you very much, everybody.

Regardless of where you stand on the matter, we have to change some things.

Back to tech. Are you at CES? I’m not this year. Mostly because there’s a lot of germs and I shouldn’t be around them if I can help it. I’m pretty sure my dogs would have liked it though, because there’s a lot of tech in Vegas for all kinds of people (and pets). If you were a dog would you want a phone? Or a self-feeding thing? Of course you would. You’d have to sit around all day watching your parents use technology while you sit around and lick yourself. What kind of existence is that? I know, right? I hope there’s some dog tech that comes out of the conference, otherwise it’s a wash.

6294.

Time for another quote. JFK this time:

    When written in Chinese, the word ‘crisis’ is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.

I think what JFK meant was just because things aren’t going your way doesn’t mean that it won’t eventually. You have to play the long game, you have to stick in there and see things as far as you can possibly see them. It’s like Twitter . People are worried about whether Twitter can weather the storm of lack of growth. I think it can. What about the character count? Well, I personally feel like asking people to keep their thoughts shorter make them more powerful. They’re easier to share. Repeat, etc. What will happen when people can put this much text in a tweet? I don’t know. I do know that I don’t want to spend hours reading tweets because I like the fact that I can glance at the app and figure out what’s going on pretty quickly.

If I wanted to write a book, I’d do it on Facebook.

But maybe people want more characters. I’m not sure who, though. I’d like to meet them. Maybe they have dogs, too. We could chat about that.

What are your favorite movies? I have a top 10 and it changes sometimes:

– Rocky
– Forrest Gump
– Cast Away
– Fantastic Mr. Fox
– Signs
– Lars and the Real Girl
– Superbad
– Spaceballs
– Shawshank Redemption
– Jackie Brown

Share yours in the comments if you want.

7657.

Here’s another quote, this time from Maya Angelou:

    The thing to do, it seems to me, is to prepare yourself so you can be a rainbow in somebody else’s cloud. Somebody who may not look like you. May not call God the same name you call God – if they call God at all. I may not dance your dances or speak your language. But be a blessing to somebody. That’s what I think.

Being a blessing to someone is a great way to be. Have you been a blessing to someone lately? I feel like we could all do a better job of that, even if it’s in small ways. I feel like people always want to do something great and massively huge, but forget about all of the little things along the way. Making someone smile, holding the door for someone, giving someone a hug when they really really need it. Those kinds of things last forever. Don’t hold back on doing a bunch of little great things to do something huge that you’ll get overwhelmed with and not follow through on.

8614. Wow, this is a lot of characters.

I feel like Kurt Wagner did a good job of talking about the ramifications of expanding tweets to 10,000 characters:

    The design aspect is key. Making Tweets bigger by adding more content or bigger pictures has diminished user engagement in the past, according to one source. That makes sense. If tweets take a long time to consume or take up more space on your screen, it’s likely that you’ll view (and engage with) fewer of them. So Twitter is trying to add more content without disrupting the way you currently scroll through your timeline.

How can Twitter become more like Facebook without becoming Facebook? There’s too many words on Facebook, something the company itself is trying to get away from by introducing all sorts of new media, like 360 degree videos. There’s always a place for long form content, and just because you have the space doesn’t mean you have to fill it. But still, a lot of people will try. Spammers will definitely try. In fact, can you imagine getting spam tweets that are over 140 characters? Ugh. It’ll be like reading SPAM in your EMAIL!@$#!@#!@#

One more quote, this one from Clarence Darrow:

    When we fully understand the brevity of life, its fleeting joys and unavoidable pains; when we accept the facts that all men and women are approaching an inevitable doom: the consciousness of it should make us more kindly and considerate of each other. This feeling should make men and women use their best efforts to help their fellow travelers on the road, to make the path brighter and easier as we journey on. It should bring a closer kinship, a better understanding, and a deeper sympathy for the wayfarers who must live a common life and die a common death.

Maybe Twitter should just acquire Medium instead.

Oops, I went over the “limit.”
Please login to comment
Login / Create Account
TC Early Stage 2020
Prices increase next week

Virtual EventJul 21 - 22
Register Today
Sign up for Newsletters

See all newsletters(opens in a new window)
The Daily Crunch
Week in Review
Extra Crunch Roundup
Startups Weekly
The Station
Max Q - A newsletter about space
Event Updates
Sponsorship Insider
Email
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
(opens in a new window)
Copy
Tags

    Apps
    Humor
    Opinion
    Social
    WTF
    140
    characters
    Twitter

    (opens in a new window)

Here’s What 10,000 Characters Looks Like
Drew Olanoff
11:57 pm IST•January 5, 2016

So, Recode reported today that Twitter was tinkering around with the idea of expanding its 140 character limit to a number a bit higher….10,000 characters. But what, you ask (and I’m gl...
Extra Crunch
This Week in Apps: App Store outrage, WWDC20 prep, Android subscriptions change
Sarah Perez
1:23 am IST•June 21, 2020

Welcome back to This Week in Apps, the Extra Crunch series that recaps the latest OS news, the applications they support and the money that flows through it all. The app industry is as hot as ever,...
Startups Weekly: Which investor wrote the first check?
Eric Eldon
11:30 pm IST•June 20, 2020

Which startups investors are actually first to backing the best companies? If you know this information before fundraising, you can avoid pitching investors who were always going to tell you that y...
Startup Battlefield bonus: Application deadline extended one week
Neesha A. Tambe
10:31 pm IST•June 20, 2020

This one goes out to all the early-stage startup founders. Whether you’re overwhelmed by the state of the world, overworked — or procrastination is simply an intrinsic part of your DNA — it matters...
Render Winner
Original Content podcast: ‘Da 5 Bloods’ provides a brutal look back at the Vietnam War
Anthony Ha, Jordan Crook, Darrell Etherington
6:30 pm IST•June 20, 2020

“Da 5 Bloods,” the new Netflix film co-written and directed by Spike Lee, tells the story of four Black veterans who return to Vietnam decades after the war, in search of hidden gold an...
Da 5 Bloods
Extra Crunch
A reading guide to Reliance Jio, the most important tech company in the world
Arman Tabatabai, Manish Singh
1:30 pm IST•June 20, 2020

Over the past few months, COVID-19 has brought much of the fundraising community to a standstill. However, amidst it all India’s hyper0growth telco Reliance Jio Platforms has put its fundrais...
Ford Bronco debut date moved so it wouldn’t fall on O.J. Simpson’s birthday
Kirsten Korosec
2:06 am IST•June 20, 2020

Ford has changed the debut of its 2021 Bronco once again because its planned July 9 reveal falls on the birthday of O.J. Simpson, one of the iconic SUV’s most infamous passengers The automake...
ford bronco
After reopening, Apple is closing stores in four states as COVID-19 numbers climb
Brian Heater
11:51 pm IST•June 19, 2020

Apple today confirmed earlier rumors that it plans to shut down re-opened stores in four states.  Impacted locations include six stores in Arizona, two in Florida, another two in North Carolina and...
Could developing renewable energy micro-grids make Energicity Africa’s utility of the future?
Jonathan Shieber
11:17 pm IST•June 19, 2020

When Nicole Poindexter left the energy efficiency focused startup, Opower a few months after the company’s public offering, she wasn’t sure what would come next. At the time, in 2014, t...
Tesla informs employees on Juneteenth that they can take off holiday unpaid
Kirsten Korosec
10:54 pm IST•June 19, 2020

Just before 8 a.m. PT Friday, Tesla’s head of human resources sent an email telling U.S. employees they could take the day off to observe Juneteenth, the June 19 holiday that commemorates the...
Tour of Tesla Factor in Fremont, California
French court slaps down Google’s appeal against $57M GDPR fine
Natasha Lomas
10:34 pm IST•June 19, 2020

France’s top court for administrative law has dismissed Google’s appeal against a $57M fine issued by the data watchdog last year for not making it clear enough to Android users how it ...
BMW, Mercedes Benz end ‘long term’ automated driving alliance, for now
Kirsten Korosec
10:17 pm IST•June 19, 2020

BMW Group and Mercedes-Benz AG have punted on what was meant to be a long term collaboration to develop next-generation automated driving technology together, less than a year after announcing the ...
Only one week left to save on tickets to TC Early Stage
Alexandra Ames
10:12 pm IST•June 19, 2020

Early-stage founders, July 21 – 22 is coming up fast and that means it’s time get ready for TC Early Stage — the virtual startup conference designed with you in mind. We’ve packed this two-day even...
Bandcamp is donating its share of sales to the NAACP for Juneteenth
Brian Heater
9:16 pm IST•June 19, 2020

The last several months have been full of corporate lip service, as companies have attempted to tailor responses to pressing issues like the COVID-19 pandemic and questions of social justice. Bandc...
Reliance Jio Platforms says $15.2 billion fundraise is good for now
Manish Singh
8:57 pm IST•June 19, 2020

If your venture fund was not one of the ten investors that backed Reliance Jio Platforms in recent weeks, you won’t be able to plough cash into the fast-growing top Indian telecom network for at le...
GettyImages 691021196
Extra Crunch
4 months into lockdown, Eventbrite CEO Julia Hartz sees ‘exciting signs of recovery’

“Eventbrite is in the unique club that nobody wants to be in,” says CEO and co-founder Julia Hart...
Natasha Mascarenhas
8:47 pm IST•June 19, 2020
Extra Crunch
Clockwise CEO Matt Martin: How we closed an $18M Series B during a pandemic
Matt Martin
8:01 pm IST•June 19, 2020

It all started with an email from a customer: “Do you know why Bain Capital Ventures is reaching out to me about Clockwise?”
Oracle’s BlueKai tracks you across the web. That data spilled online

Have you ever wondered why online ads appear for things that you were just thinking about? There&...
Zack Whittaker
8:00 pm IST•June 19, 2020
Masks will be optional when the largest movie theater chain reopens in the US July 15
Brian Heater
7:53 pm IST•June 19, 2020

Update: AMC has reversed its decision on its mask policy. Per a statement, This announcement prompted an intense and immediate outcry from our customers, and it is clear from this response that we ...
Germany tightens online hate speech rules to make platforms send reports straight to the feds
Natasha Lomas
7:32 pm IST•June 19, 2020

While a French online hate speech law has just been derailed by the country’s top constitutional authority on freedom of expression grounds, Germany is beefing up hate speech rules — pa...
5 resources Black entrepreneurs can leverage to build and grow

If there isn’t a resource hub for black entrepreneurs in your city, create one.
Delali Dzirasa
7:30 pm IST•June 19, 2020

    About
        TechCrunch
        Staff
        Contact Us
        Advertise
    Legal
        Privacy Policy
        Terms of Service
        Extra Crunch Terms
        Code of Conduct
    Read Anywhere
        App Store
        Google Play
    International
        Japan

Facebook(opens in a new window)Twitter(opens in a new window)YouTube(opens in a new window)Instagram(opens in a new window)
LinkedIn(opens in a new window)

© 2013-2020 Verizon Media.All rights reserved.Powered by WordPress VIP(opens in a new window). Fonts by TypeKit(opens in a new window).
